[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> So today's topic is something
that probably all of you know
about at this point --
TLS disclosure and
intergalactic unity.
And that's a very
important topic
right now because there is
a lot of talks in the news
and the mainstream media, all
about extraterrestrial life.
And after all, this event is
called Stairway to the Stars.
How do we reach the stars?
How do we unite
with other races?
Because I think
it's pretty obvious
that there are other
races among us.
At this point, the
people that have
been lying to us for a very long
time are even admitting to that.
They're just telling
us that they're evil,
and they're here to eat you and
kill you and drink your blood.
And today, we're going
to take all of that
and shift the narrative and show
you a completely different way,
not just through trusting me
and trusting what I'm saying,
but I want you
guys to understand
how to think for yourself.
So I'm going to drive you
guys and ride you guys
through that logic to understand
how you can make sense of this.
So when somebody comes with
a different perspective,
you can honor it.
You can respect it, but you
can also have ammunition
to be able to ask them the
proper questions to think
critically and understand things
in a completely different way.
So TLS disclosure and
intergalactic unity.
The first thing I
want to start on
is called the dark
and the light.
How many of you know
of dark organizations,
evil organizations?
Can we agree-- raise
your hand if you
agree and can get
behind the fact
that there are evil
organizations or corporations
or individuals in the world?
Raise your hand if
you agree with that.
So, OK, beautiful.
Everybody basically
agrees with that fact
because we know who they are.
We know some of them by name.
I'm not going to name them
here because that's not
the point of this presentation.
But now, I'm going
to pose a question.
If we can agree, and
if it's very obvious--
blatantly obvious that there is
the negative and the dark, then
can we get behind the fact that
there is the exact opposite as
well?
Raise your hand if
that makes sense.
Raise your hand if that doesn't.
OK.
And if it doesn't,
put me on the spot.
We'll talk about it.
We'll do that in the
Q&A. That's the point
of these presentations, not
to just agree, but to think
critically and ask the
hard questions, to ask
the skeptical questions.
That's the point of what I do.
It's the fun part of what I do.
So again, if there's the dark,
there's the exact opposite.
One of the exact
opposite organizations
happens to be an organization
that approached me back in 2018
and June of 2018.
And that's what really
started my journey.
We could talk
about that, and I'm
to tell you that story
in just a moment.
But the name of
that organization,
as you guys all at this
point, is TLS which
stands for The Light System.
Now before I tell
you a story, I want
to speak about who
this organization is
and what this organization is.
Because, generally, when we
hear about something new,
there's skepticism.
There's how do we know
they're really good?
How do we know that they're
not bad, pretending to be good.
And all of those are
very valid questions.
Those are questions
that I ask myself.
So I'm going to give you
a quick background on who
I am, just because I want
you guys to understand
where I'm coming from.
From there, we're going
to go into understanding
what TLS truly is.
I don't come from
this world whatsoever.
I come from the business world.
I come from my
family's business,
commercial real estate.
My family's sitting in the back.
My father is there,
who used to be my boss.
He was the one that
brought me into this world,
and that's all I knew always.
Spirituality was never
anything mainstream in my life.
It was something that I enjoyed.
I watched "Ancient
Aliens" when I was a kid,
but I never told anybody because
they would think I was crazy.
So I just shut up about it
because I lived in New York,
and you can't really talk
about those things in New York.
So I did all that,
and I loved all that,
but I kept it on the side.
And it was my quiet gig.
And every time I spoke about
it, I saw, as many of you
probably had the
same experience,
people resist it and say,
how can you think that?
How can you believe that?
You must be crazy.
And now, all that truth is
starting to come to light.
So I come from the business
world, not from this world.
And the reason why I
say that is because I
want you guys to understand and
really get it through your head
that it is not easy to
convince me of something crazy.
Because I was always
surrounded by people
that couldn't be convinced
of something like that.
And I'm still surrounded
by some of those people.
Because my family that isn't
here still thinks I'm crazy.
But my point over here
is that any time I'm
faced with anything,
for example,
what the hell is this thing?
The energy enhancement
system, I looked at it.
And at first, I was skeptical.
Because I saw screens-- and
I'll talk about this later
in the presentation.
I saw screens and
lights and computers,
and it wasn't enough for me.
It's great that people are
speaking great things about it.
But I need to know
how this works.
So some may say that that's
my left brain doing its thing,
and that's the masculine
energy playing out.
And there's a lack
of intuition that's
true because that's
how I was raised.
I wasn't raised tapping
into something like that.
The reason why I'm
sharing that with you
is because when I stand
behind something, like TLS,
I want you guys to be very,
very sure and very certain
that I asked every possible
question under the sun.
I still ask every possible
I don't stand behind
everything that I hear.
Because, at first, when I heard
this, I was even hesitant.
And I said, wait a second.
This sounds great,
but how do I know you
guys aren't bad playing as good?
Because I know that there
are a lot of negative things
out there.
How do I know that
all of this is legit?
How do I know that there are
people that can do X, Y, and Z?
And when I say X,
Y, and Z, we're
talking about supernatural
things, things
like telepathic communication,
telekinetic movement,
moving things without
touching them,
things like levitation, which
is basically manipulating
the force of gravity
through focusing
the energy in your
body, which is huge.
You have trillions of
volts in your body,
if you add up all the electrical
voltage and your cells.
And if you just so happen to
know how to focus that energy,
you could touch somebody
and electrocute them.
You can power an entire city.
You can do things
like levitation.
It becomes very real
when you ground things.
So everything I'm
going to bring today,
I'm going to do my best to bring
from a grounded perspective.
I don't just want
to say something
without bringing a base,
so we can understand
how did we get there, as
opposed to just saying, well,
Jason said it.
That's not a good answer.
If somebody asks you
something, well, Jason
said it is not going to cut it.
Because when somebody
asks me something,
and I ever thought of saying,
well, this person said it,
that was never a good answer.
And I understand that.
So I'm going to bring you
guys through that process
and that logic in a grounded
way to understand all of this,
so you guys can really
walk out of this room
today with ammunition--
ammunition,
a.k.a., awareness, knowledge,
information, turning
that information
to pure awareness,
so we can free ourselves.
Because, ultimately, the world
that we live in right now,
the dark side of it,
especially is not something
that exists outside of us.
The dark side of the
world is a reflection
of the dark side within us.
And the work that
we have to do, sure,
is there a part
of it that says we
need to do X, Y, and Z outside
in physical reality, absolutely.
But the most important key to
truly living a liberated life
and a liberated world
with intergalactic unity
which we're going to get to
later in this presentation
is freedom from within.
Because everything is a
reflection of just that.
So TLS, what are they?
Just like there are
organizations out there--
and I'm not comparing them, so
please don't take this that way.
But there are
organizations out there,
like the CIA, like the
FBI, like the Mossad.
I would say that most of those
organizations from the top
are generally corrupt
organizations.
Does that mean that every
individual that works
in those organizations are bad?
No, it's not as black
and white as that.
There are a lot of good
people with great intentions
that have wanted to join
something like the CIA
and then eventually
probably left.
I work with some
of those people.
They left because they saw
a lot of different things
that I'm not going to get into.
And they said, this is not
what I want to stand for,
but they came from the right
intention, so they left.
Some of those people
work with TLS today.
TLS is an organization that has
one very specific intention,
and I'm going to
simplify that intention.
How do we awaken
humanity and catalyze
the process of raising
the collective awareness
around the world?
Why is that important?
It's not about going and
taking out the evil people
in the world.
Because can they do that?
Yes.
If they do that, will it
solve something today?
Sure.
Will that person be
replaced tomorrow?
Yes.
The root of the issue
is not the evil person
or the evil organization
or the evil agency
or the evil corporation.
The root of the problem
is we the people
that have that as a
reflection of ourselves,
meaning their key of what they
try to do first and foremost--
and they do this through
many different avenues
that I'm going to share today.
Their key of what they
do, first and foremost,
is how do we raise the
collective level of awareness
for humanity as a whole without
interfering with the free will
of humankind.
That's a very fine line.
Because if they were to
come and do things for us,
I would argue that that's
a crime against humanity.
It's almost like
saying you have a kid,
and your kid is touching fire.
And every single time your
kid touches that fire,
you have a button.
And you press the button
to make your kid's finger
numb every time he
touches the fire.
While you're doing that
may be out of love,
but you're lacking the
awareness that your kid needs
to feel the heat of that fire to
make sure that your kid doesn't
touch that fire again.
Because if you keep
numbing and you
keep stopping that pain,
what happens is your kid
may not feel it.
But the finger will burn,
and infection will grow.
It will spread throughout the
body, and your kid will die.
So anybody that would ever
go and do something like that
from a higher level is not
actually at a higher level.
This is how we use discernment.
Are there times and places
where they can go and interfere?
Sure.
But there is a fine
line behind not
interfering with the destiny
of humankind for the most part.
There's a fine line without
taking away our free will,
without taking away our
experiences that help us grow
and move on to our next level.
And I think most of us in
this room probably know this.
It's the hardest
times in our lives,
where we see who we truly
are and where we truly are
and what we truly are
made of, and the lessons
that we have to learn come
throughout those times,
not through when
you're smooth sailing.
So it's not about
taking those times away.
It's about helping us
move through those times
in a guided way to learn
the lessons quicker,
to go through that
process in an easier way.
Will there be pain?
Yes.
Will there be death?
Will there be reincarnation
of those people coming back?
Yes.
That's what happens from
a higher perspective.
So it's this understanding
from a zoomed out perspective
of allowing people
to experience what
they need to experience
while mitigating
the damage along the way.
The fine line is not taking away
the free will from human beings.
The organization is made up
of about 8,500 individuals
around the world.
Some of those individuals,
all of you in this room know.
They will never
come out and say,
I work with the organization.
That's a good thing.
Because if-- and this
is the beautiful part
that I see about
the organization.
Now it comes to using
discernment and critical
thought.
If there was the ability for a
human being to come out and say,
I'm a part of this I do this.
And I'll talk about myself in
just a second because there
can be a contradiction there.
But I'm a part of this, and I do
this, and so on, and so forth,
there's ego involved in there.
What do these individuals have
to gain from doing everything
anonymously or from
risking their lives,
from doing everything
from a good place
because they have nothing
to gain only to lose?
There are risks involved.
And as a matter of
fact, in 2020 and 2021,
the organization was made up
of 7,000 initiated agents,
and 2,000 of them died.
2,000 of them died because they
were operations throughout 2020
and 2021 that many of you
have probably heard of,
having to do with
underground tunnel systems,
having to do with clearing those
having to do with children,
certain things that
are going down there, which
we'll talk about as well.
Those are very
dangerous operations.
I'm not a part of
those operations.
That's not my lane.
It's not what I do.
I was brought on to the
organization a very unique way,
which I'll tell you
about in a second.
And by the way, I'm not formally
initiated into the organization,
so I can't say that
I'm a part of it.
But they did basically ask
me and what I evolved into
is a spokesperson, to be a
vehicle, to be a soldier,
to be an asset for them, to
help them fulfill that mission.
The most important thing
over here that I always
have to remind everybody
is to make sure
that nobody outsources their
power because TLS is not here
to save you.
TLS cannot save you,
as a matter of fact.
Nobody can save you.
The only person that can
save you is you, yourself.
The only person
that can save you
is you with the
awareness necessary.
Some call it Christ
consciousness.
Some call it God consciousness.
Although, I don't like
using that word because it's
been corrupted.
Some call it divine
consciousness.
Whatever you want
to call it, it's
about reaching that
newfound awareness in order
to get to a point, once
again, where we can be free
from within.
So the organization
today is made up
of about 8,500 individuals.
They've recruited a lot over
the past couple of years because
of what happened in 2020, 2021.
They operate in
every single sector,
and I still don't
know how it's done.
Everywhere, from
beginning to end,
they have some sort of influence
or finger to move there.
So let's talk about the US
and beyond, the Pentagon.
The White House, NASA, the
CIA, the FBI, the Mossad, MI6,
all of these things
they are a part of it.
They have a piece of, but
they are not part of them.
They use their people to
infiltrate them because how
do you beat a monster.
You can try to fight
it from outside,
but it's easiest to beat
a monster from within.
So just like other
organizations have individuals
that go and play doubles and
receive intelligence and bring
it back, TLS is no different.
The difference is the intentions
of why they're doing it.
So they're
self-serving purposes,
and there's serving
to other purposes.
TLS and many other
organizations that I'm not
a part of or affiliated
with do that.
TLS is not the only one.
So every avenue,
anywhere from politics
to the medical
industry, to media,
to the news that they can
influence and get things
to happen in certain ways.
They have a finger in
every single place in order
to make things
move subliminally.
Because they can't just
come and be like, hey, guys,
this is who we are.
This is why we're here, and
this is what we're doing.
It takes away the
human experience
of what we're here to do.
It would go against
their mission.
It would go against the
spiritual understanding
of not interfering with the free
will of humanity as we know it.
So in short, the
organization has chapters
all around the world.
They call them chapters.
The New York
chapter, for example,
is made up of about 900
to 1,000 individuals.
That's one of the
bigger chapters.
They have chapters in every
major city in the world.
This is a physical organization.
There are people that hear me
sometimes, and they're like,
you work with the Galactic
Federation of Light.
No, I'm also not knocking that.
But I don't know
anything about that,
so I don't want to
talk about that.
I know that there are a
lot of people that do that.
TLS is not that.
TLS is a physical organization.
They do work, if you want to
call it, inter-dimensionally.
We could get into that in
the Q&A if we have time.
But the people that I work
with are physical people
that I can call, that I can
text, that I can go to a meeting
with, that I can sit down.
There are human beings, as
far as I know, at least.
There are human
beings, and there
are people with
families that were born,
that have a mother and a father.
They're normal people
that some of them
are brought in for
spiritual purposes
because they have
certain capabilities
that the organization would
bring them in and recruit
them to help develop in order
to use for certain purposes.
Other people are brought in
because of their expertise.
So for example, their units in
the military of expert hackers.
In the IDF, there's
a unit called 8,200.
Unit 8,200 is known
as one of the best
units when it comes to the
nerds of the world, the hackers.
They can turn red
lights into green lights
to get you across the
city a whole lot quicker.
I know of an operation that
they've done that with people
that I work with.
They can hack and turn and
do whatever needs done.
So TLS would bring those
people on and recruit them.
Just like IBM or Facebook
would recruit them.
Only TLS would recruit
them for their purposes
because they've already
developed their expertise.
So there is a spiritual
side of the organization
that's still physical.
But it's for spiritual purposes.
Those are the people
that can do things
like levitation and
influence and move
certain things and incredible
things that we can't get into.
And then there's the other
side of the organization that
are more foot soldiers, that
are individuals that are here
for physical purposes, like
politicians that are working
with the organization.
But they're using the
politicians in order
to move certain things,
in order to make
certain things happen or stop
certain things from happening.
And those are the two
sides of that organization.
I'm just trying to find
my clicker over here.
So that's the big picture of
the organization, how they work.
Again, I'm sure there's going
to be a lot of questions,
so we'll dive into that.
Right now, I want to tell
you guys a story of how
this whole thing happened.
And then we're going to
go into the disclosure
aspect of this whole thing
because it's very unique,
and it's very interesting.
June 2018 is when it
started in my life.
I was 20 years old.
It was two weeks before
my 21st birthday.
Today, I'm 26.
My birthday is June 26.
So this happened
around June 7, 8, 9.
I don't remember the exact day.
I used to live in New
York City, normal.
I was working for my father.
I was working for their business
in commercial real estate.
I was about I think three years
into doing that whole thing.
And one day, somebody
approaches me on the street.
Just like anybody would approach
you, starts a conversation.
I thought that it
was a stranger.
It was not a stranger.
I found that out later.
But I didn't know
that at the time.
So somebody approaches
me, starts a conversation,
very unique man.
We start conversing.
We exchange numbers,
and we keep in touch.
And he starts speaking
about all the things
that I loved when I was a kid--
extraterrestrial life, the
pyramids, Ancient Egypt.
And I'm like, where the hell
is this guy coming from?
Now, mind you, this
man is a businessman.
This is not like a woo
woo spiritual man that you
would think knows those things.
The man in a suit.
A man that's like an
executive man in the world.
So I'm looking at,
and it intrigued me.
And I didn't understand
what was going on
and what he wanted from
me, but it intrigued me.
It was entertaining.
It was fascinating.
And I said, let's hear
what he has to say.
So we met up every so often.
We had lunch.
And he told me about all
these different things
and made me think, helping me
develop what I was already into,
growing up, but I never
really told anybody.
Fast forward two years.
He basically tells me--
this was after a major
rapport was built
and a connection was built.
And I trusted the man.
I had experiences with
the man, and we could
talk about those experiences.
But there came a
point where he said,
I work with an organization.
I want you to come to a meeting.
February 6, 2020, meet me
over here at this time.
Don't make plans for
the rest of the evening
and don't ask questions.
OK, let's do it.
I couldn't tell my family.
They would think I'm crazy.
So I'm like, OK, let's do it.
So I told everybody I got to go.
They probably thought
that I was going
to see somebody or go out with
friends or whatever it was.
And I kept it like that.
I went to this meeting.
This meeting lasted 12 hours--
lasted the entire night.
There were few individuals
in that meeting.
And throughout these 12 hours
is when you can say my life
changed.
It's when everything
just turned.
And I didn't know what to do.
It was very overwhelming
for me because
of what was shared with me in
that meeting, what was shown
to me throughout that meeting.
There was a lot of information.
I can't share all of that here.
We don't have that much time.
But there was a
lot of information
shared throughout that meeting.
And that's my first time that
I ever heard the word TLS.
So I hear them saying
TLS, The Light System.
I'm like, what's that?
They're like, now one
of the instructions
in the beginning
of the meeting was
there is no talking, unless
you're asked and given
permission to ask a question.
But me and a few other
people on one side
of the table all had notepads--
still have that notepad.
And I have all the
notes that I took down.
We all have our notes.
And I wrote and wrote and
wrote pages of notes, 12 hours.
And it's like-- it's almost
like you were brought
into a trance of like
meditation in a way,
but in a very real way, just
because I was so focused.
And this was so fascinating.
I didn't understand
what was going on,
and I wanted to take
in as much information
that I could have and
keep as much information
that I could have as well.
So one day, I could share that.
Because there's a lot of
proof of what I'm telling you,
where you see there's no making
up what's going on over here.
But we'll talk about that later.
In that meeting, the man
who first approached me,
who we're going to call Ray--
that's not his actual name.
But the man who
first approached me,
he wants to remain anonymous.
We call him Ray.
So that's what I'm
going to call him.
He basically was instructed
to write this document,
called The Pyramid Code.
In Hebrew, they call
it [NON-ENGLISH]..
The reason why I'm
saying in Hebrew
is not because this is anything
to do with Judaism whatsoever.
This is not about religion.
This is not about one
religion over another.
The organization
does not identify
with a religion over another.
There are people from
all walks of life,
of all sexual orientations.
There are straight people.
There's gay people.
There's men.
There's women.
There's people of all ages.
There's people of all religions.
The only thing I would say that
there really isn't is atheists,
because I don't really
know what's going on there.
Everybody in the organization
does understand that there's
some form of higher power.
Call it whatever you want.
Whatever you want to
call that, there's
some form of organization
orchestration within creation
in this universe.
If you want to call it source,
universal, awareness, god,
whatever it is, they don't
like using the word god
because it's been
corrupted over time.
As a matter of fact, when
you spell it backwards,
it spells dog, but we could
talk about that in another time.
So throughout this
meeting, he was
asked to document this document
called The Pyramid Code.
And his first
language is Hebrew.
Hebrew is not a Jewish language.
Hebrew is a language
that existed
before the Jewish
religion existed.
The pharaohs used it.
The alphabet was used by the
Assyrians and the Sumerians
and all those people.
And there came a point where the
Hebrews, when they, so-called,
according to the Old
Testament, received
the Torah on Mount Sinai,
received it in that language.
They adopted that language,
so they call it Hebrew.
It has nothing to do
with Judaism in its base.
As a matter of fact, it's
one of the few languages
that was discovered.
It wasn't created.
Discovered, meaning it's
a mathematical language.
It's a language
based on numerology.
It's a language based
off of understanding
the laws of creation,
understanding
the frequencies of creation.
For example, the word life
in Hebrew [NON-ENGLISH]..
[NON-ENGLISH] is spelled with
two letters, [NON-ENGLISH]..
[NON-ENGLISH] is 8.
[NON-ENGLISH].
Is 10.
When you add them
up, you get 18.
18 is known to be the
resonance of life that's
been inverted today.
They've taken 666 and
called it satanic.
666 equates to 18.
It's a very, very
powerful frequency,
and they've steered us away
from something like that.
The word love, [NON-ENGLISH].,.,
Spelled to four letters.
[NON-ENGLISH].
And when you add those
up, you get 5, 2, 1, 5.
That's 13.
That's the next number that
was inverted that we were told
is unlucky, stay away from.
It's bad.
But it's the frequency of love.
And back to the
frequency of life, 18,
have you ever taken
the Schumann resonance
and added those numbers
up and its base form?
7.83hz.
You get 18.
They knew those
things back then,
just like ancient
Chinese medicine.
They knew things back then,
about how the body works
and how the energy
centers in the body
works and the
optimal frequencies
of each organ in the body.
There was a different level
of awareness back then.
That was taken
away from, and it's
time to go and get
that awareness back.
So part of the reason why this
document was written in Hebrew
is because there are also
codes embedded in the document,
just like there are codes
embedded in the Bible.
I don't know those codes.
But when you
understand those codes,
it unlocks a different level of
power that this document holds.
So he's instructed to
write this document.
This was February 6, 2020.
And there was one condition.
You have to give it to every--
the leader of the meeting
basically told him,
you have to give it to
everybody in this meeting.
You cannot hold it back from
anybody in this meeting.
He said, OK.
In June, a few months
later, four months,
fast forward, I
get the document.
It was originally handwritten,
then it was typed.
Now I don't know
Hebrew like that.
I still don't know
So I'm getting this thing,
and I'm trying to read it.
And I don't really understand
because it's hard for me
to read.
It's also written-- imagine
like Shakespearean English, only
Hebrew version.
It's like, not only
do I not know Hebrew,
but they're giving me that.
I don't know what to do with it.
So I sat down with somebody
from the organization.
She helped me translate it,
and we got it into English.
And I'm reading this thing.
And it's blowing my mind.
I'm like, my god, this needs
to be shared with everybody.
So the organization, TLS, wanted
Ray to share it with the world.
And Ray, being the person who he
is, wants to remain anonymous.
He doesn't want to deal with
everything that comes with that.
He said, no.
And I said, no.
There is no no.
We're going to share it.
We're going to find
a way to share it.
And we went back and forth for
a few weeks, back and forth,
and back and forth,
until there was a compromise.
And the compromise was between
me, Ray, and the organization.
The compromise was Jason,
if you want to do it,
and you want to
put it out so bad,
you're going to be
the one to put it out.
But you're going
to have to remove
the names from the
document to preserve
the anonymity and the
identity, of the individuals
in this document,
out of fairness
to them in their own privacy.
The only name that
they had me keep
was my name in the
actual document.
And one other person's name,
who happens to be a rabbi,
but again, not connected
to religion whatsoever.
We could talk about that.
One of the names in there
happens to be a rabbi's name.
And basically, I mean,
imagine, I said, no.
I couldn't say no
because I was just
fighting with Ray over
the past few weeks,
and why aren't you
putting it out?
So I said yes.
They gave me a date, September
9, 2020, 9:00 AM Eastern time.
I didn't have an Instagram
channel or a page.
I didn't have a Facebook page.
I didn't have a YouTube channel.
I didn't have a website.
I didn't have any presence
whatsoever in the public domain.
As a matter of fact, I had
three visits to my website,
because I just built
it for the purposes
of getting this thing out.
And I said, OK, I'll
put it out, but give me
the resource to do it.
You guys have all
the connections.
I'll be the face.
I'll be the speaker,
but help me.
They said, no,
you're on your own.
Figure it out.
I was pissed off.
I'm like, what do you mean?
You guys have all the power
in the world to get this out.
You guys want it out.
Give me give me the resources.
Let me tap into it.
The they said, no,
you're on your own.
It's going to get to exactly
who it needs to get to.
This was basically the
first mission or task
that they gave me.
And I wanted to prove myself.
So I sat down.
I didn't sleep.
My family thought I was crazy
because I was slacking at work.
I wasn't sleeping.
For three, four
weeks straight, this
was already July, almost
August, leading up to September
to the release date.
And I'm like, I got
to do something.
I got to get this out.
I emailed everybody-- and
I wasn't from this world,
so I had to learn this world.
I had to learn the grid of who's
who and who do we reach out to,
how do we do this in the most
efficient and effective way?
I didn't sleep.
I reached out to everybody.
As a matter of fact, one of
the people I reached out to
is also sitting in this room.
He's a producer on Gaia.
And he was one of the first
people that gave me belief
into what I'm doing.
And I even asked him.
I'm like, hey, why
do you believe me?
I'm in my early 20s.
How do you know I'm not
making this up for fame, for--
how do you know I'm
not making this up?
And there was a
whole story there,
having to do with a
remote viewer, where
he gave a document to this--
he gave the document
to this remote viewer
and gave her certain
coordinates of what
was listed in this
document without her
knowing about the document.
She came back with
the exact list
of what this document listed
before it went public.
So he said, that's
enough for me.
There's something going on
here that I don't understand.
So whether or not everything
you're saying is true,
there's some truth over here.
I'm interested.
I'm intrigued.
I said, OK, that's
very interesting.
And then I spoke to
the remote viewer.
So the story is, I
got this document.
I put it out on September 9.
I did my best to get it out.
I didn't have any page viewers.
And the second that document
came out to the public,
literally, in three hours,
it reached every continent
on Earth.
It reached millions of
people on the planet.
And that's the power
of the organization.
You know I can't do that because
I didn't have that reach.
There was something going
on here, where they used me
as a vehicle, a soldier,
whatever you want to call
it to get something done.
I agree.
Leading up to this, Ray kept
telling me, don't do it.
Don't do it.
Your life's going
to change forever.
Just stay in your
family's business.
Everything's fine.
But I couldn't.
Because it wasn't fulfilling.
I can't sit here, knowing that
everything is set in my life
because it is, and it was.
And I grew up that way.
And I want you
guys to know that.
And I'm not saying
that in any way to brag
or share or anything like that.
I want you guys to understand,
where I come from, none of this
was necessary.
There was everybody
telling me, don't do this,
including my own family.
They were saying,
please don't do this.
Everybody's going to
think we're crazy.
They're going to come
after our business.
Don't do it.
And I couldn't not do it.
Because I think the
resonance of truth
just holds something a
whole lot more powerful
than how successful
your business is going,
and just to be comfortable.
If I had everything growing
up, and I saw so many people--
50% of the Earth lives
under the poverty line.
I couldn't sit there and
not do anything about it.
So that's where
this motivation--
even though everybody
thought I was crazy--
and they still think I'm crazy.
But everybody
thought I was crazy.
That's where the motivation.
The fuel really came from to
go and do something like that.
So I did it, and it started
this whole thing that's
still going up until today.
And there was a point
in 2021 where I said,
listen, Ray, everybody
thinks I'm crazy.
There's credibility
here because there
were people from the White House
that started asking questions.
And people were like, well,
if the White House cares,
then there's something
going on here.
It can't be nothing.
But I needed more.
And I wanted to
give people more.
And I'm basically the medium
now between the organization
and the public.